look good expand that oh yeah
over the next three weeks Alex
and I are going to climb 45
desert hours and we are biking
from tower to tower
sometimes when we fall behind
schedule we've got to get on the
bike in the middle of the night
and bust at 60 miles very very
muddy conditions
Alex just first amazing as an
athlete as he is he's really
terrible technically on the
bicycle and at one point was
heading down this dirt road
yeah yeah head over heels on the
bike
oh no almost went off like a
60-foot frigging cliff
you got what you want but talks
oh my god dude you're like
ripped open
alex is class can be like
although it was fine whatever I
just look at the bar can all go
a little cut on my button like
know he almost rolled off of the
60-foot cliff and you would have
died
is it wrong for me to say better
you than me it was one of the
closest calls
God
yeah
we don't have a death wish we
don't want to die